---
title: "Plot Outline Version 1-ish"
date: 2021-06-02 22:11:00
---

## Act One

Bea, Josh, and Guill are all on a snowy mars.

[See Chocolate Dialogue](/honeybee/mars)

Josh and Guill go on snow bikes to track down a meteor that falls in the distance. They find a Martian native who also wants the meteor, they slice him up. The two dig into the meteor because they want to collect what is usually a purple goo inside of the falling rocks. This time its green. Find girl in cryogenic tube instead. Some ominous dialogue about how *they?* want Terran flesh.[^1] Martian wakes up but they kill him quickly and escape/ head back to base.

[^1]: To clarify this was meant to be like the flesh can be made into a special fuel, not that they like eat them or anything.

At the same time Bea receives a call/ message requesting that Guill come to the Queen's coronation and act as her bodyguard because he used to be apart of the bad guys who are threatening the Queen.

The three of them travel to Jupiter because one person getting invited somewhere means everyone has to go. At this point they would meet with Dune, an old member of their comet-chasing crew (whose position Josh filled in), who is now a royal shipper on Jupiter. *Nothing?* happens with him I guess. They would presumably meet the Queen and her wife.

Then the coronation would begin. This would be at night and have the Queen be in some big building with a humungous crowd outside. Also a large rectangular lake/ pool in front-ish.

Somehow a giant ship/ blimp shows up above the building. I think it was supposed to like blow it up or something? Uhh and uhh then Guill ends up on top of the ship/ blimp and fights Liebe who so far in this story hasn't shown up and subsequently has no bearing or weight.

Then during the fight `they kiss` - **Surprise!** - they be gay boys. Liebe stabs Guill and pushes him off the blimp. He lands in the previously mentioned big convenient pool and watches as the blimp fucking *explodes*.

## Act Two

After this event they take off to space. Why? Because.

> ? uhh

In space it's just Guill and Dune for some reason. They fly through the plot laden space junk and accidentally get a bunch of *squares?* stuck to the ship. These squares hack the ship, changing the ship's trajectory and turning off the oxygen.

The main characters fight for their lives because well, y'know. Guill ends up on the exterior of the ship with magnet boots (yes, and a spacesuit) and he like un-plugs one of the squares.[^2]

[^2]: The squares have a cool synchronized light pattern running on their back panels.

Umm then oxygen on because took square. Maybe they hacked it back.

But they don't take full control and the ship continues on it's modified trajectory. Because plot.

Guill sits on top of the ship, reflecting, while looking at the sky pillar.

I guess eventually the ship would have finally made it to it's destination: **The Space Pirate Hideout**. This place is full of like uh rough pirate-y types.[^3]

[^3]: Their overall basic mission is they hijack people's spaceships, kill the peeps inside via no oxygen, and then point the ship to their base where they can scrap the ship.

### A Quick Break
>  So this doesn't fully make sense because of several reasons:
>
>  - How can there just be a fully operational system that works via murdering fucking just anyone?
>  - It's definitely illegal to both murder and steal spaceships regardless of if it's in space or not.
>  - If the ships **literally** go to their base wouldn't it be absurdly easy to track these guys down?
>  - What about the people that don't die? (See: Protagonists) I feel like that'd happen vaguely often.
>  - Are they like an elite group of hackers or something?
>  - Is this the on way they generate money?
>  - Do they have a more consistent way of getting ships? Or do they just toss out probably a lot of money's worth of tech and *hope* a ship flies flies into it *without* destroying it
>  - Are all ships compatible? There's definitely different makes and models of ships, let alone, brands! There's no fucking way that a little cube can hack any ship
>  - Plus spaceship security is probably super high! And any hacks would be hotfixed like ASAP. And why would a spaceship have a ''turn air off" option? (Although I'm sure there's some scenarios where you might need to i.e. fire AND *if* we had these presumably high skilled hackers I'm sure they could shut it off through some non-direct means.)
>  - Plus plus wouldn't a backup air system be important!
>  - Etc.

I didn't really have any of this bit planned out but I guess I assumed there would be action and fighting. Also the even more main bad guy was gonna be there.

I even further didn't have this planned out, but *somehow* the Honeybee was going to uhh like FTL *into* the anomaly which sends them to the moon.

> STOP!!!
>
> As you can tell, literally none of the above last paragraph makes any goddamn sense. This is because I put almost no time into it. Uhh.
>
> Shit.

On the moon Guill was just going to walk around for awhile? I guess ponder his thoughts and junk? Then like a badass giant bad guy spaceship was going to pull up because they FTL-ed too? I guess?

Then the bad guy ship would pick up the old spaceship that caused the Sky Spear in the first place. With a crane? And uhh??? Fly back to the real world somehow? And then Guill would too?

For some reason? How? IDK.

## Act Three

Ultimately afterwards the characters would find themselves near Jupiter. Again for an unspecified reason. Uhhhh.

This is the portion of the story where an awesome space battle would commence. Not that I've established that these can occur. Do spaceships have weaponry? Why?

Fuck.

Then Guill would fight the main big bad guy. It would be pointless though and the bomb[^4] would be launched and destroy everything on Jupiter plus the destroyed bits would be launched and destroy like the whole space battle and their ships.

[^4]: Oh yeah, in this version the bad guys like had an old timey nuke from pre-sky spear days and they use the spaceship they got from the anomaly to FTL the bomb into Jupiter. Wow that doesn't make a lot of sense.

End of book? I guess? I think I wanted the heroes to live.

## Review

So this book[^5] is kinda horrid. But that's alright, it was just the basic idea-ish, clay, jumble-of-an-outline, first take. It was really just the various ideas and snippets I came up with over the course of late 2017 - 2019 that I then put together.

[^5]: Not actually a book yet

### Dropped Plot Points

Here's a gathered list of dropped plot points that I didn't generate resolutions (or points) to:

- The girl in the cryogenic tube
- The Terran flesh being made into fuel
- Martians?
- Any sort of resolution with Liebe
- What purpose do any of the characters beyond Guill serve in the story? I.E. Josh, Bee, Dune, The Queen, her wife. Like WTF.
- Why are the bad guys even like doing bad guy things
- Guill was originally one of the bad guys???

I mean obviously it wasn't going to be perfect the first time around. Now I juts need to slim down the fat, tighten up the plot and the world, and write it.
